welcome to the side of the work
summation addictive I'm haveli then
today we will take a look at a drug test
study the first thing to do is to create
a new assimilation study as a drug test
after this we will take a look on each
part to make sure every part after
proper material 3d mesh so we will
select a mesh control selector proper
the proper part and apply a mesh for
this bar after this would create a new
curvature base mesh for the all assembly
and select giraffe quality mesh just to
make everything faster we will go to the
set up and in the set up we have to type
of study the first one is a drop test
and the other one is the Battle City IDM
back who is setting the first one and
will apply a drop test for four feet
after this will select their proper
orientation of the gravity you can
represent the ground as a rigid target
or flexible target we will select the
rigid target we will accept after we go
to the option result and we will
indicate the proper physical time after
the impact
and we will animate the result we can
see now the drop tests and DM back and
every constraint inside thank you for
listening solidworks simulation tech tip